Mr. Zhou Huaijin, Chairperson of DX Software Venture Capital Today
Will attend the annual entrepreneur awards ceremony in person
For 7 years, Mr. Zhou Huaijin led DX Software
Stay at the forefront of Internet technology
It has become the backbone of Haicheng's Internet economy
Mr. Zhou Huaijin has an outstanding entrepreneurial spirit
He was awarded the Entrepreneur of the Year Award in recognition
Thank you for your recognition of DX
Next, DX will join hands with Tianheng
Create a subsidiary Tianyu
Enter the gaming industry
Please support me a lot.
Mr. Zhou
Excuse me, in addition to Mr. Su just mentioned
Is there anyone else you want to thank?
Of course I did. It was when I was at my worst.
Leave my ex-wife behind
To harvest a broadband emotion
Face your own people
Don't drag me down
Without him
I will never make a promise today
The current Huaijing deserves better people
Mr. Zhou and Miss Su have been partners for so many years
Everyone is looking forward to your pearl couplet.
Bihe, Sister Hua
I am now
Should I stop disturbing your life?
Mom?